Holiday Collection Days and Facility Closings
Curbside collection – Thanksgiving
No curbside collection of trash, recycling, or yard waste Thursday, Nov. 26
Normally scheduled curbside collections will continue Friday, Nov. 27
Curbside collection – Christmas
No curbside collection of trash, recycling, or yard waste Friday, Dec. 25
Normally scheduled curbside collections will continue Saturday, Dec. 26
Curbside Collection – New Year’s
No curbside collection of trash or yard waste Friday, Jan. 1
Normally scheduled recycling collection will occur Friday, Jan. 1
Normally scheduled curbside collections will continue Saturday, Jan. 2
Facility Closures – 
All Hillsborough County solid waste facilities, including community collection centers, yard and wood waste, transfer stations, resource recovery, and the Southeast County landfill, will be closed:
Thursday, Nov. 26
Friday, Dec. 25
Friday, Jan. 1.
Live Christmas Trees 
Curbside pickup of live Christmas trees is available by following these steps:
Remove all decorations, lights, and tinsel
Cut the tree into sections no larger than 4-feet long and 6-inches in diameter
Place curbside on your regular yard waste collection day
Drop off live trees at one of the following Yard Waste Processing Facilities, after removing all decorations, lights, and tinsel:
346 Falkenburg Road in Tampa 
13001 U.S. Highway 41 in Gibsonton
8001 W. Linebaugh Ave. in Tampa
Electronics
Items containing a digital display or circuit board, including televisions, computers, laptops, mobile devices, stereo equipment, gaming consoles, VCR/DVD players and printers, may be safely recycled at any of the County Community Collection Centers for no additional fee.
Small bathroom and kitchen appliances such as toasters, crock pots, electric skillets, blenders, hair dryers, and curling irons may be discarded in your regular trash.
Christmas Lights
Strings of holiday lights may be safely recycled as electronics at any of the County Community Collection Centers for no additional fee. 
Pre-lit trees should be placed in the regular trash.
Cooking Oil
Used household cooking oil may be recycled at the County’s Household Hazardous Waste Collection Centers or at any CORE station for no additional fee. Visit HillsboroughCounty.org/CORE for locations. 	
Wrapping Paper and Cards
Greeting cards and wrapping paper, as long as it is free of ribbons, foil, and other non-paper items, can be recycled by placing loose in the curbside blue recycling cart. 
Gift bags, tissue paper, ribbons and bows are NOT recyclable in the cart.
Christmas Ornaments and Decorations
Holiday decorations and ornaments, including pre-lit and artificial trees, should be discarded as trash.
Styrofoam Packaging
Styrofoam packing materials may be recycled in the blue curbside cart or at any of the Community Collection Centers for no additional fee. 
Styrofoam food trays and egg cartons can be recycled at most local supermarkets in special bins. 
Cardboard boxes
Flattened cardboard boxes can be recycled in the curbside blue recycling cart. 
Oversized and large volumes of flattened cardboard boxes may be recycled at any of the Community Collection Centers for no additional fee.
Plastic Bags
Plastic bags and film can be recycled at most local supermarkets in special bins. 
Loose and soiled bags and film should be placed in the trash cart. 
Food and beverage containers
All food and beverage containers should be emptied and rinsed before placing them loose in the blue recycling cart.
Plastic containers No. 1-7 
Aluminum, tin, and steel cans
Cartons, such as those for soy milk, juice boxes, chicken broth, etc.  
Glass bottles and jars 
Large volumes of recyclables that will not fit in the blue curbside cart may be recycled at any of the Community Collection Centers for no additional fee.
Excess Trash
Excess trash that will not fit in the black curbside cart may be disposed of at the Southeast County landfill; fees may apply.
